{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f26\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f106\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f107\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f109\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f110\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f111\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s6\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 6;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 Date;}{\s16\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 List;}{\s18\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 
List 2;}{\s19\li360\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext19 List Continue;}{\s20\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat9 \f15\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext20 Document Map;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid67698703\listsimple{\listlevel
\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid219437918}{\list\listtemplateid-1874140970\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0
\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent720{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-720\li720 }{\listname ;}\listid2133085040}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid2133085040\listoverridecount0\ls1}
{\listoverride\listid219437918\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\info{\title Level and unit Structure for LUC}{\subject LUC}{\author Lisa Moore}{\keywords levels doc luc pak unit structure}
{\doccomm Brief overview of level and unit structure and flow for LUC, Q2 TC by Suspension Software}{\operator drake o'brien}{\creatim\yr1999\mo11\dy23\min29}{\revtim\yr1999\mo11\dy23\min29}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords795}{\nofchars4536}
{\*\manager Drake O'Brien}{\*\company  Suspension Software}{\*\category LUC document}{\nofcharsws5570}{\vern113}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid {\i\f0\fs24 Last updated: }{\b0\f0\fs24 Aug 16}{
\b0\f0\fs24\super th}{\b0\f0\fs24 , 1999
\par }{\i\f0\fs24 Introductory units:}{\f0\fs24   }{\b0\i\f0\fs24 To be finished July 30 (architecturally complete Jul 15}{\b0\i\f0\fs24\super th}{\b0\i\f0\fs24 )}{\i\f0\fs24\ul 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {This is the initial bot controlled area of LUC. Rogue bots control this area and it will contain structures and functions needed by the bots, mainl
y production and refinement facilities.  It will also include the intro to LUC and in the later areas the introduction to the F1 function (communication with CoreAI).  Architecture may be broken or otherwise incongruent. The player is traveling 
\ldblquote down\rdblquote  in LUC in general, and newer additions will tend to be seen first.  As the player proceeds there will be increasing destruction. 
\par Dates are for general timeline purposes \endash  targeting setting a level up for finishing work.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\cgrid {Units and unit ideas
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s17 \b\fs20\cgrid \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 1.\tab}}\pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b Enter LUC\emdash Drake O
\rquote Brien 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl12\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\ilvl12\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Dounit1a-1b, \lquote bathysphere\rquote  and \lquote riverview\rquote  (Drake, done)
\par }\pard\plain \s19\li360\sa120\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl12\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\ilvl12\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cf2 Dounit1c, \lquote pumping station\rquote  (Drake, connector level, completion date?? (7/30))
\par Lmunit2a   (Lisa) (90+% structurally complete, requires play elements 7/30) (moved from unit 2)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s17 \b\fs20\cgrid \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 2.\tab}}\pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b Shipping and Rece
iving--- Lisa Moore/Michael Pearce
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Lmunit2b  \lquote shipping/packaging\rquote  (Lisa, , done, requires skill level work)
\par Lmunit2s  \lquote Outpost\rquote  (Lisa, secret level, done, requires skill level work)
\par }{\cf2 Lmunit2b  \lquote Storage facility\rquote   (connector level architecturally complete, requires play element, on hold until entities are available to do timer sequence for detonation of storage tanks (power cube analog))
\par }{mplmunit3c \lquote Chemic\rquote  (Michael/Lisa, , done, requires skill level work)
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cf6 3.\tab Chemical processing---Michael Pearce/ Lisa Moore  Merged with unit2
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cf6 mpunit3a \lquote rotator\rquote  (Michael/Lisa, , April 31)  (Move to 2}{\cf6\super nd}{\cf6  section unit 3)
\par lmunit3b  \lquote ?\rquote  (Lisa, connector level, May 15)  Cancelled}{
\par }\pard\plain \s16\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\page }{\b Game action:
\par }\pard \s16\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright {Unit 1:  Early stages:  shark, worker_claw, speargun, knife.  Later we see the drill/probe
 pair (purely mechanical non-enemy models) the energydisk_gun is picked up and we meet the supervisor and a worker_beam.  The first turret is met with later in the unit, a remnant of the Rogue/CoreAI wars.
\par Unit 2:  supervisor with worker_claw, worker_beam 
and finally worker_coil (plasma).  Gbots and Repeater bots are introduced as well as the plasmawad gun.  In the secret level we meet the fatman/littleboy combo (large flier dropping guided missiles).  The player meets with the CoreAI via a \lquote 
helperbot\rquote  flier, toggled by the F1 key, though at this point the flier isn\rquote t very helpful.  At this point except for the turret the LUC enemies are all \ldblquote worker\rdblquote  oriented, not war oriented
\par Unit 3:  late in unit 3 we meet with the first warlords (humanoid \endash  waypointed) in one or two fairly simple situations.  The warlords are just that, biorobotics or cyborgs developed specifically for offense/defence in the ongoing Rogue/CoreAI wars.

\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {\f0 Mid units:  }{\b0\f0\highlight7 Completion date?}{\f0 
\par }\pard\plain \s6\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel5\adjustright \b\fs20\cgrid {Luc environmental control
\par }\pard\plain \s16\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {This is no man\rquote s land.  Both rogue
 and Core forces may be present.  However it is primarily rogue controlled with introduction of Core elements only in the later areas.  We will start to introduce Core structural elements in this section, although much of it will be in ruin.  This area co
ntains the processes needed to run LUC.  Core vs. rogue conflicts begin late in this section.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\cgrid {Units and unit ideas
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s17 \b\fs20\cgrid \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 1.\tab}}\pard\plain \s17\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b 
Heating and cooling/climate control \emdash  Gary Marshall/ Michael Pearce }{(4 levels)
\par }\pard \s17\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright { (note, with the current palette, frozen textures will probably
 be a problem, therefore this area may be better combined with the thermal power unit.)  Can also include things like air handling. (4 levels)
\par }\pard \s17\fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\cf2 Mpunit3a\tab \tab Rotator (Mikey, structurally complete, play elements \'be complete)
\par Gmunit3b-\tab \tab (Gary, in progress)
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s17 \b\fs20\cf1\cgrid \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 2.\tab}}\pard \s17\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright {\b\cf1 Forcefield generator}{
\cf2   }{\b \emdash  Rand Phares }{(3 levels)
\par }\pard \s17\fi-1800\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\cf2 Rpunit4a\tab Basement level (Rand, in progress, structurally 33% complete, requires play elements)
\par }\pard \s17\li360\widctlpar\adjustright {\cf2 
\par }\pard \s17\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright {3.\tab Possible Secret or normal level \ldblquote uncontrolled land.\rdblquote   Rogue bots meet core defenses.  Last level before Core area.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\par }\pard\plain \s16\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b Game action:
\par }\pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
As the game proceeds through the mid-units a few species of overlord develop their control (species are basically the same bot w. different skins, appurtenances, habits), with concentrations of power focussed on maintaining the Rogue position 
and breaking through CoreAI defenses.  The F1 helperbot will become more useful.  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {\page End units: }{\b0\f0\highlight7 completion date?}{
\par }\pard\plain \s6\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel5\adjustright \b\fs20\cgrid {Core areas
\par }\pard\plain \s16\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {The CoreAI controls this area. It will contain\line elements of the alien culture and systems to maintain its defenses.\line }{\highlight7 I see this area as
 being a way to show parts of the alien culture/architecture.  This architecture will be evident in the earlier units as well, but more coherent here.  This area was the original alien facility.}{\line }{\f1\fs24 Units and unit ideas
\par \line *}{\f1 1}{. Weapons factory/defense grid\line *2. Knowledge center (1 level, Hub, reusable)\line 3. Meeting place/spiritual resting place\line 
\par *4. Cryogenics lab (final unit, meet the aliens)\line \line \line Everything will lead off of the knowledge center which will be a small hub type level.  From there portals will link to the
 other parts of the core. The knowledge center could be copied so that aspects of it will be in each unit of this section, or the core could be all one big unit. The Cryo lab will be last and where we will finally meet the CoreAI.\line 
\par }\pard \s16\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright {\b Game action:
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {The end lev
els begin with a period of blissful peace as the player, after an apocalyptic battle where the warlords of the Rogue forces are subdued and brought under CoreAI control, enters the core areas.  The player proceeds quite some distance into the core after w
hich the CoreAI, in a doublecross, ports in some warlords.  Even the F1 helperbot attacks the player as all hell breaks loose.
\par }}