{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f26\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f106\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f107\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f109\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f110\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f111\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{
\s6\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 6;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 Hyperlink;}{\s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Date;}{
\s17\fi-360\li360\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl11\ls2047\pnrnot0\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb ?}}\ls2047\ilvl11\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 List Bullet;}{\s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 
Body Text;}{\s19\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext19 List;}{\s20\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext20 Body Text 2;}{\s21\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext21 List 2;}{
\s22\li360\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext22 List Continue;}{\s23\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat9 \f15\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext23 Document Map;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1470954938\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0
\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent720{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-720\li720 }{\listname ;}\listid564150413}{\list\listtemplateid1002485478\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0
\levelstartat1\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent1080{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-1080\li1800 }{\listname ;}\listid2013795986}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid2013795986\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid564150413
\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\info{\title Dec 11, 1998}{\author drake o'brien}{\operator drake o'brien}{\creatim\yr1999\mo11\dy23\min30}{\revtim\yr1999\mo11\dy23\min30}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords1772}{\nofchars10104}{\*\company none}
{\nofcharsws12408}{\vern113}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {April 20, 1999
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid {\fs36 Suspension Software
\par }{LUC Game Design Document
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b Project leaders: }{Lisa Moore, Drake O\rquote Brien
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b Contact person: 
\par }{Drake O\rquote Brien: dobrien@lightspeed.bc.ca
\par 108 E. 29}{\super th}{ Ave, Apt 3\line Vancouver, B.C., Canada, V5V-2R4\line h. 604-873-3611
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {Team: 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b Core:
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Michael Bristol }{\cs15\ul\cf2 mbristol@tp.net}{ (modeller, animator, skinner)\line Lisa Moore }{\cs15\ul\cf2 75102.1366@compuserve.com}{ (level architect)\line Drake O\rquote Brien }{\cs15\ul\cf2 
dobrien@lightspeed.bc.ca}{ (texturer, level architect)\line Rand Phares }{\cs15\ul\cf2 rsphares@yahoo.com}{ (cinematics, programmer)
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid { 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b Full time:
\par }{Bill Oatman }{\field{\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK mailto:wpo@lpa.com }{{\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000000c000000770070006f0040006c00700061002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b260000006d00610069006c0074006f003a00770070006f0040006c00700061002e0063006f006d000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs15\ul\cf2 
wpo@lpa.com}}}{ (programmer)
\par 12 Hawks View
\par Honeoye Falls, NY 14472
\par 716-624-5193
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Rich Nagel  (sound)
\par \line }{\b Part time:\line }{John Minadeo }{\cs15\ul\cf2 jminadeo@nforce.com}{  (modeller, programmer) \line Michael Pearce Michael }{\cs15\ul\cf2 Pearce@durham.ac.uk}{  (level architect)\line \line }{\b Former:\line }{Andre Arsenault }{\cs15\ul\cf2 
labby@nbnet.nb.ca}{ (programmer) \line Jonathan El-Bizri }{\cs15\ul\cf2 jonathan@full-moon.com}{ (sfx, music)\line 
\par \page 
\par }{\b\i\f1\fs32 Game Plot:
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {PREMISE:  
\par An advanced race of aliens seeded the stars with research stations placed on planets that looked ripe to develop life.  Earth was one such planet so, eons ago, they established a fixed research station well down toward Earth\rquote 
s core where it would be least effected by continental drift.   A system of several connected and moveable modules were established at the ocean fl
oor, moving every few eons as the continents drifted and the ocean bed shifted.   The modular system (LUC) was connected to the fixed base by trains in tunnel systems.
\par 
\par A GLITCH:
\par Millennia ago there was a small communications glitch. The AI \lquote brain\rquote  (CoreAI) in the fixed base didn\rquote 
t immediately know it, but it had lost communication with a sector of the system, and the AI became aware of a problem only when the communication link with the home planet was severed.   It seems that the biorobotics in the excomm
unicated sector were acting on their own, \lquote fixing things\rquote 
, and in the process they used pieces of the communication link for spare parts.   Thus in their zeal to fix things and without central direction the biorobotics of the excommunicated sector in effec
t went rogue, fixing the wrong things in the wrong way, leaving the right things to disintegrate.   In time the whole of LUC was excommunicated from the CoreAI, which managed to bunker down after a war of defense.  LUC lay on the ocean bed, unmoving for m
illennia while the ocean bed shifted, covering the whole in rock, protected only by force fields. 
\par  }{\b\i 
\par }{THE GAME:
\par Much as in the plot of a novel, the plot of the LUC single player game will break into 3 parts: Introductory units, Mid units (development to a pe
nultimate climax), and End Game units (a denouement followed by climax), wherein there will be an evolving form of gameplay.  
\par 
\par The game will open with an introductory .cin, an overhead shot of a luxury cruiser pulling in to lay anchor off a volcanic atoll
, an adventurer setting up a bathysphere for a deep descent to further explore a strange radar sighting, perhaps a treasure.  The game opens in the bathysphere (level 1, unit 1, of the demo.pak).   Strange almost telepathic messages are heard, and at the 
bottom there\rquote s an explosion and a forcefield snaps overhead, blocking escape.  There\rquote s only one way to go \endash 
 down past strange creatures, through shark infested waters, to a forcefield overlooking a vast expanse wherein strange beings wander, a lost civiliza
tion.  Yet what are these ominous almost telepathic messages about a supervisor in control?  Throughout the first third of the game the play will be fairly simple \endash  the player will discover the \ldblquote supervisor\rdblquote  and the supervisor
\rquote s \ldblquote linked workers\rdblquote  \endash  and the danger of being perceived to be an \ldblquote unlinked worker,\rdblquote  a rogue.  At end of the introductory units the player will first contact an even more mysterious force, a \ldblquote 
Core Intelligence\rdblquote  which itself considers the supervisor to be rogue and which seeks to form an alliance with the player.
\par 
\par The Mid units will further develop a relationship between the player and the Core Intelligence (CoreAI).  The CoreAI will provide the player with a partner, a flier (toggleable with the F1 key) which can do limited reconnaissance
 and provide limited help in combat.  It will also follow some limited scripted actions, e.g. providing the player with material to create more powerful weaponry to combat the more sophisticated enemy action.  LUC gameplay will eliminate some of the more 
artificial elements of SP gameplay, e.g. \lquote health boxes\rquote 
 just laying around, and instead use items which are more natural to the environment and which the enemies might also snag if they get there first.  Throughout the mid units we will be developing specie
s of a more humanoid enemy, the warlord or warrior caste, programmed to follow certain sets of waypoints.  
\par \page The End Game will see the player breaking into a different kind of architecture with distinctive and more luxurious texturing, wherein the overall 
context of LUC becomes clearer.   As the player proceeds, more and more of LUC is secured, brought under the control of the CoreAI, so the workers etc. in the secured areas become pacifists.  But then the CoreAI decides that it can\rquote 
t trust humankind, in the end, and must eliminate the player: it\rquote s a double cross.  To win free the player must destroy the CoreAI and all the Core forces, then race to an escape module.}{\b\i\f1\fs32 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {Timeline:
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b Phase 1:}{  producer\rquote s demo March 31, 1999
\par The period April 1 -> April 15 will be left open for failsafe.  
\par }{\b Phase 2:}{  end game \ldblquote when it\rquote s ready\rdblquote 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {\fs28 Phase 1
\par }{Objective:   
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {To produce a playable demo consisting of 5 professional quality levels suitable for shopping around to prospective commercial producer\\distributors.    We seek financial back
ing and corporate support for final development leading to eventual commercial release.  Our potential backer must have a proven track record in the field of packaging, promotion and distribution of quality computer games.
\par This demo is not targeting the internet gaming community.  Our aim in this demo is to show the commercial feasibility of the game concept and to showcase our talent and professionalism such that potential producer\\
distributors are sold on the idea of investing in us, Suspension Software.  If we are unable to secure backing we will have to review the goals for completion of the project.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\cgrid {\b\i Contents of demo:
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {All pointers to id software\rquote s gameplay elements (baseq2/pak0.pak) will be eliminated from the LUC demo.pak.   The demo will establish:
\par }\pard\plain \s19\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {1.\tab Modified game palette.
\par 2.\tab The foundation to the game\rquote s plot.
\par }\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {3.    The foundation to the game\rquote s:}{\i 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i 
\par }{Textures           -  1100 .wal files in 13 subdirectories
\par Sounds             -  350 .wav files in 32 subdirectories of game fx and ambient fx
\par Enemies            -  7 enemies in 5 species.  2 interactive species.
\par Weapons         -  4 weapons \endash  knife, speargun, plasmagun, energygun.
\par Misc. models   -  2 kelp (animated underwater plantlife), 2 edible creatures for \lquote health pickup\rquote 
\par Levels               -  5 large SP levels covering areas in the first third of the game, the \lquote rogue levels\rquote 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx1170\adjustright {Deco                 -  bubble generator, scuba mask (unfinished)}{\i 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {\b0\i0\f0\fs20 4.  Other Code Modifications:
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\par Laser        - greater control of size, color, movement
\par Sound       - sequencer for ambient sfx
\par Teleport    - invisible teleport for greater control of r_speeds
\par \page 
\par }\pard\plain \s5\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel4\adjustright \b\i\f1\fs28\cgrid {Phase 2
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {March 22 -> infinity.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {Objective:
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {To finish a FPS total conversion for the Quake2 engine consisting of 18+ SP levels and 5-8 DM levels. 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\cgrid {Requirements for completion:
\par Personnel:
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Multi-talented individuals are highly desired.  Because of the strict timeline, anyone that we recruit should be able to double on something if needed.
\par We require at least 2 more mappers, but preferably 3, 1 programmer, 1 modeler, 1 sfx/musics.  Perhaps 4 persons in all, of which 3 are mappers.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\cgrid {Web page: }{\cs15\ul\cf2 http://www.gravitydesign.net/luc/index.htm}{
\par }\pard\plain \s21\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\par }\pard \s21\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\page 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid {\i\fs24 General Unit themes, gameplay elements and timelines:
\par }{\i\f0\fs24 Lead architect:  Lisa Moore
\par Introductory units:}{\f0\fs24   }{\b0\i\f0\fs24 To be finished May 15}{\i\f0\fs24\ul 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {This is the initial bot contr
olled area of LUC. Rogue bots control this area and it will contain structures and functions needed by the bots, mainly production and refinement facilities.  It will also include the intro to LUC and in the later areas the introduction to the F1 function
 (communication with CoreAI).  Architecture may be broken or otherwise incongruent. The player is traveling \ldblquote down\rdblquote 
 in LUC in general, and newer additions will tend to be seen first.  As the player proceeds there will be increasing destruction. 
\par Dates are for general timeline purposes \endash  targeting setting a level up for finishing work.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\cgrid {Units and unit ideas
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s19 \fs20\cgrid \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 1.\tab}}\pard\plain \s19\fi-720\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Enter LUC\emdash Drake O\rquote 
Brien 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-360\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl12\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\ilvl12\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Dounit1a-1b, \lquote bathysphere\rquote  and \lquote riverview\rquote  (Drake, done)
\par }\pard\plain \s22\li360\sa120\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl12\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\ilvl12\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Dounit1c, \lquote pumping station\rquote  (Drake, connector level, April 31)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s19 \fs20\cgrid \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 2.\tab}}\pard\plain \s19\fi-720\li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Shipping an
d Receiving--- Lisa Moore
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {Lmunit2   (Lisa, April 31)
\par Lmunit2b  \lquote shipping/packaging\rquote  (Lisa, , done)
\par Lmunit2s  \lquote Outpost\rquote  (Lisa, secret level, done)
\par }\pard\plain \s19\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {3.\tab \tab Chemical processing---Michael Pearce/ Lisa Moore
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {mpunit3c \lquote Chemic\rquote  (Michael/Lisa, , done)
\par mpunit3a \lquote rotator\rquote  (Michael/Lisa, , April 31)
\par lmunit3b  \lquote ?\rquote  (Lisa, connector level, May 15)
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\page }{\b Game action:
\par }{Unit 1:  Early stages:  shark, worker_claw, speargun, knife.  Later we see the drill/probe pair (purely mechanical non-enemy models) the energydisk_gun is picked up a
nd we meet the supervisor and a worker_beam.  The first turret is met with later in the unit, a remnant of the Rogue/CoreAI wars.
\par Unit 2:  supervisor with worker_claw, worker_beam and finally worker_coil (plasma).  Gbots and Repeater bots are introduced as
 well as the plasmawad gun.  In the secret level we meet the fatman/littleboy combo (large flier dropping guided missiles).  The player meets with the CoreAI via a \lquote helperbot\rquote  flier, toggled by the F1 key, though at this point the flier isn
\rquote t very helpful.  At this point except for the turret the LUC enemies are all \ldblquote worker\rdblquote  oriented, not war oriented.
\par Unit 3:  late in unit 3 we meet with the first warlords (humanoid \endash  waypointed) in one or two fairly simple situations.  The warlords are just that, biorobotics or cyborgs developed specifically for offense/defence in the ongoing Rogue/CoreAI wars.

\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {\f0 Mid units:  
\par }\pard\plain \s6\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel5\adjustright \b\fs20\cgrid {Luc environmental control
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {This is no man\rquote s land.  Both rogue and Core forces may be present.  However it is primarily rogue controlled with introductio
n of Core elements only in the later areas.  We will start to introduce Core structural elements in this section, although much of it will be in ruin.  This area contains the processes needed to run LUC.  Core vs. rogue conflicts begin late in this sectio
n.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \f1\cgrid {Units and unit ideas
\par }\pard\plain \s19\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {1.\tab Forcefield generator
\par 2.\tab Thermal Power generator
\par 3.\tab Heating and cooling/climate control (note, with the current palette, frozen textures will probably be a problem, therefore this area may be better combined with the thermal power unit.)
\par 4.\tab Possible Secret or normal level \ldblquote uncontrolled land.\rdblquote   Rogue bots meet core defenses.  Last level before Core area.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b Game action:
\par }\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {As the game proceeds through the mid-units a few species of overlord develop their control (species are basically the
 same bot w. different skins, appurtenances, habits), with concentrations of power focussed on maintaining the Rogue position and breaking through CoreAI defenses.  The F1 helperbot will become more useful.  
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cgrid {\page End units: 
\par }\pard\plain \s6\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel5\adjustright \b\fs20\cgrid {Core areas
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {The CoreAI controls this area. It will contain\line elements of the alien culture and systems to maintain its defenses.\line \line }{\f1\fs24 Units and unit ideas\line }{\line 1. Knowledge center
\line 2. Meeting place/spiritual resting place\line 3. Cryogenics lab\line 4. Weapons factory/defense grid\line \line Everything will lead off of t
he knowledge center which will be a small hub type level.  From there portals will link to the other parts of the core. The knowledge center could be copied so that aspects of it will be in each unit of this section, or the core could be all one big unit.
 The Cryo lab will be last and where we will finally meet the CoreAI.\line 
\par }{\b Game action:
\par }{The end levels begin with a period of blissful peace as the player, after an apocalyptic battle where the warlords of the Rogue forces are subdued and brought under CoreAI c
ontrol, enters the core areas.  The player proceeds quite some distance into the core after which the CoreAI, in a doublecross, ports in some warlords.  Even the F1 helperbot attacks the player as all hell breaks loose.  
\par }}