{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\i\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc\sb360\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 diagram;}{\s16\qc\sb480\sa360\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f5\cgrid 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 caption;}{\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid505948710\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fbias0 \fi-720\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listname ;}\listid1033766845}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1033766845\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title LUC Project Design Document}{\author Robert Moore}
{\doccomm Rough draft of LUC project Bible.\'0d\'0a7/9/98}{\operator drake o'brien}{\creatim\yr1999\mo11\dy23\min30}{\revtim\yr1999\mo11\dy23\min30}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords776}{\nofchars4425}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws5434}{\vern113}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\lytprtmet\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\fs32 LUC Project Design Document}{
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs28 I  General DescriptionLUC}{ 
\par 
\par }{\fs24 LUC, (Originally stood for Lost Underwater City) is a Quake II Total conversion project which is being }{\fs24\highlight7 designed and implemented by a group of game enthusiasts originally from TeamTNT.}{\fs24   Our goal is to
 produce a commercial quality pak.  The project structure and storyline has been laid out in such a way as to facilitate creative input on the part of all participants, while still giving a general direction.  We are doing this for fun and learning.  This
 is ment to be a growing and changing document.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 Leadership
\par }{\fs24 Each aspect of this pak has a  division coordinator.  All work for each division must be approved by that division\rquote s coordinator.  In a project of this scope, we cannot afford to have overlapping w
ork and unused or little used resources making it into our pak.  It would simply make it too confusing.  If a member wishes to contribute to an aspect of the pak which is not in their primary area of expertice, they should contact the division head involv
ed.  Under NO circumstances should something be submitted that requires resources not in the general build.  Requests to do work outside of a person\rquote 
s primary area of expertice will only be entertained after that member has proven that he can meet workload 
and quality standards in their primary area and after any probationary period has ended.  Any work in other areas must be of the quality outlined for this project.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 Components}{\fs24 
\par We are calling this a TC and we plan to do a TC.  We hope to change all elements
 of Quake 2 that we can.  This will include, all new textures, monsters, weapons, items, front end gfx, sfx and AI.  We hope to change at least some game physics, but this has not yet been fully discussed.  A modified palette has been integrated into the 
pak.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 Time lines
\par 
\par }{\fs24 The initial estimated completion time for this project is Jan-Feb 2000, with an earlier demo pak release.  These time estimates assume a commitment from all members in order to achieve.  Note that the above estimates are very preliminary a
nd will tighten up as work progresses.  
\par 
\par }{\fs24\highlight7 Completion of a demo pak should be done by mid March, 1999 (done).  Completion of the final game pak (if any) will be dependant on distributer requirements and final project scope.}{\fs24 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs28 II  PAK Elements
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 A.  Models
\par 
\par }{\i\fs28 ***general description, }{\fs24 split into enemies (and type)/gameplay items/decoration/weapons/player models,and whatever else I\rquote m missing.}{\i\fs28 ***}{\b\i\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\fs24 ***}{\i\fs28 Status}{\i\fs24 ,}{\fs24 .  demo pak, and full, stretch goals and completion status***
\par }{\b\i\fs24 
\par B.  AI
\par 
\par }{\i\fs28 ***general description, }{\fs24 split into enemies/gameplay  items/ game physics changes/other entities,and whatever else I\rquote m missing.}{\i\fs28 ***}{\b\i\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\fs24 ***}{\i\fs28 Status}{\fs24 .  demo pak, and full, stretch goals and completion status***
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 C. Levels
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24 1.  LUC Level/Unit structure outline
\par }{\b\fs28 
\par }{\b\fs24 General layout}{\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {Structurally, LUC is divide
d into 3 areas.  Each of these areas will have several units, each consisting of one or more levels.  The General structure is outlined below.  I have  included possible unit ideas for each area.  However level content is not limited to these ideas.

\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\i\cgrid {\i0 A  }{\i0\ul BOT Land
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\fs24 
\par }{\fs24 
This is the initial bot controlled area of LUC.  The Rogue bots control this area.  This section will contain structures and functions needed by the bots... mainly production and refinement facilities.  It will also include the intro to LUC and the
 introduction of the F1 function.  Architecture may be broken or otherwise incongruent.  Remember that the player is traveling \ldblquote down\rdblquote 
 in LUC in general.  So newer additions will be seen first.  Thus unit structure may be backwards from what would generally be considered normal.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\ul Demo Pak Units}{\fs24 
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\b\cgrid \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 1.\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright {\b\fs24 Enter LUC-- Drake O\rquote 
Brien/Lisa Moore 
\par }\pard \li720\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlcont\ilvl0\ls0\pnrnot0\pndec }\adjustright {\fs24 Dounit1a (drake)
\par Dounit1c (drake)- connector level
\par Lmunit2  (Lisa)
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\b\cgrid \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 2.\tab}}\pard \fi-720\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright {\b\fs24 Shipping and Receiving--- Lisa Moore

\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs24 \tab shipping/packaging
\par \tab Outpost (secret level)
\par }{\b\fs24 3.\tab Chemical processing---Michael Pearce
\par }{\fs24 \tab mpunit3c 
\par \tab rotator
\par }\pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \cgrid {\tab caves (connector level, will not be completed for demo)
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs24 \page 
\par }{\b\fs24 B }{\b\fs24\ul Luc environmental control}{\b\fs24 
\par 
\par }{\fs24 This is no man\rquote s land.  Both bot and luc forces may be present.  However it is primarily bot controlled with introduction of luc factions 
in the later levels.  We will start to introduce LUC structural elements in this section, although much of it will be in ruin.  This area contains the processes needed to run LUC.  Core vs bot conflicts may begin late in this section.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\ul Units and unit ideas}{\fs24 
\par 
\par 1.  Forcefield generator
\par 2.  Thermal Power generator
\par 3.  Heating and cooling/climate control (note, with the current palette, frozen textures will probably be a problem, therefore this area may be better combined with the thermal power unit.)
\par 4.  Possible Secret or normal level \ldblquote no man\rquote s land (no bot\rquote s land? :)).  Rogue bots meet core defenses.  Last level before Core area, or part of both BOT land and core actually.}{\b\fs24 \page C..}{\b\fs24\ul Core}{\fs24 
\par 
\par This area is controlled by the Core LUC intellegence.  It will contain elements of the alien culture and systems to maintain its defences.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\ul Units and unit ideas}{\fs24 
\par 
\par }{1  }{\fs24 The Library/knowledge center
\par 2. Meeting place/spiritual resting place
\par 3.  Cryogenics lab
\par 4.  Weapons factory/defence grid
\par }{
\par }{\fs24 
\par 2.  ***}{\i\fs28 Status}{\fs24 , demo pak, and full, stretch goals and completion status, perhaps member responsibility (here or in a separate doc)***
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 2D Gfx
\par 
\par }{\fs24 ***}{\i\fs28 Status, }{\fs24 Drake, you would know best what types of things should go in this section, add any other needed sections, we may want a game gfx section***
\par }{\b\i\fs24 
\par }}